Proposed text to address Martin Duke's DISCUSS (#41)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-importer: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-importer.md

of ImportedIdentity is used as the content of PskIdentity.identity in the PSK extension.
The corresponding TLS 1.3 binder key is `ipskx`.

> As the maximum size of the PSK extension is 2^16 - 1 octets, an Imported Identity that exceeds this size is likely to cause a decoding error. Therefore, the PSK Importer interface SHOULD reject any ImportedIdentity that exceeds this size.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the maximum size of the PSK extension is 2^16 - 1 octets, an Imported Identity that exceeds 
this size is likely to cause a decoding error. Therefore, the PSK Importer interface SHOULD reject 
any ImportedIdentity that exceeds this size.

```

of ImportedIdentity is used as the content of PskIdentity.identity in the PSK extension.
The corresponding TLS 1.3 binder key is `ipskx`.

> As the maximum size of the PSK extension is 2^16 - 1 octets, the PSK Importer interface MUST
> reject any ImportedIdentity that exceeds this size.

Author: ```suggestion
As the maximum size of the PSK extension is 2^16 - 1 octets, an Imported Identity that exceeds this size is likely to cause a decoding error. Therefore, the PSK Importer interface SHOULD reject any ImportedIdentity that exceeds this size.
```
